.TH ONEKO 6
.SH NAME oneko
The program oneko creates a cute cat chasing around your mouse cursor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B oneko
[\fB-help\fP] [\fB-tora\fP]
[\fB-dog\fP] [\fB-bsd_daemon\fP] [\fB-bsd\fP]
[\fB-sakura\fP] [\fB-tomoyo\fP]
[\fB-time\fP \fIn\fP] [\fB-speed\fP \fIn\fP] [\fB-idle\fP \fIn\fP]
[\fB-name\fP \fIname\fP] [\fB-towindow\fP] [\fB-toname\fP \fIname\fP]
[\fB-tofocus\fP]
[\fB-position\fP \fIgeometry\fP]
[\fB-rv\fP] [\fB-noshape\fP] [\fB-fg\fP] [\fB-bg\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I oneko
changes your mouse cursor into mouse and creates a little cute cat and the
cat start chasing around your mouse cursor.  If the cat catchup the ``mouse'',
start sleeping.
.SS Options
.TP
.B -help
Prints help message on usage.
.TP
.B -tora
Make cat into "tora-neko".  "Tora-neko" means cat wite tiger-like stripe.
I don't know how to say it in English.
.TP
.B -dog
Runs a dog instead of a cat.
.TP
.B -bsd_daemon
Runs a 4.3BSD daemon instead of a cat.
.TP
.B -bsd
Same as
.B -bsd_daemon.
.TP
.B -sakura
Runs Sakura Kinomoto instead of a cat.
.TP
.B -tomoyo
Runs Tomoyo Daidouji instead of a cat.
.TP
.BI \-time " interval"
Sets interval timer which determine intervals for cat animation.
Default value is 125000 and unit is micro-second.  Smaller value makes cat
run faster.
.TP
.BI \-speed " distance"
Specify the distance where cat jumps at one move in dot resolution.
Default is 16.
.TP
.BI \-idle " speed"
Specify the threshold of the speed which ``mouse'' running away
to wake cat up.
.TP
.BI \-name " name"
Specify the window name of cat.
.TP
.B -towindow
When
.I oneko
starts with this option, you must select a window by cursor.
Then cat appears and starts chasing the window instead of mouse.
You can select another running
.I oneko
as the target window.
If root window is selected, cat chases mouse as usually.
When the target window is not in sight and not closed, cat chases
mouse as usually.
If the target window is closed, this program exit.
.TP
.BI \-toname " name"
Specify the window name of target to make cat chase it instead of
mouse.
You can specify another running
.I oneko
as the target window.
When the target window is not in sight and not closed, cat chases
mouse as usually.
If the target window is closed, this program exit.
.TP
.B -tofocus
Makes cat run to and on top of focus window.
When focus window is not in sight, cat chases mouse as usually.
.TP
.BI \-position " geometry"
Specify X and Y offsets in pixels to adjust position of cat relative
to mouse pointer.
.TP
.B -rv
Reverse background color and foreground color.
.TP
.B -noshape
Don't use SHAPE extension.
.TP
.BI \-fg " color"
Foreground color.
.TP
.BI \-bg " color"
Background color.
.SS Resources
Application name is "neko"(or "tora") and class name is "Oneko".
.TP
.B tora
Set ``True'' if you want "tora-neko".
.TP
.B time
Sets interval timer in micro-second.
.TP
.B speed
Sets distance to jump in pixel.
.TP
.B idle
Sets speed threshold to wake cat up when ``mouse'' running away.
.TP
.B noshape
Set ``True'' if you don't want to use SHAPE extension.
.TP
.B reverse
Set ``True'' if you want to switch foreground and background color.
.TP
.B foreground
Foreground color.
.TP
.B background
Background color.
.SH Notes
While this program uses XGetDefault, be sure to use "neko.resouce" form.
If you run this program as "tora", by hard of soft link, the \fB-tora\fP
option is enabled by default.
.PP
BSD Daemon Copyright 1988 by Marshall Kirk McKusick. All Rights Reserved.
.PP
Sakura Kinomoto and Tomoyo Daidouji are characters in a comic strip
"CARDCAPTOR SAKURA" (CLAMP, Kodansha), with the sanction indicated in
CLAMP SCHOOL WEB CAMPUS (http://www.clamp.f-2.co.jp/).
.SH AUTHOR
Original
.I xneko
is written by Masayuki Koba and modified to 
.I oneko
by Tatsuya Kato, and modified furthermore by John Lerchey, Eric
Anderson, Toshihiro Kanda and Kiichiroh Mukose.
.SH MAINTAINER
Send questions or problems to mukose@hbar.mp.es.osaka-u.ac.jp
